SOURCE: About Us - Idea behind Camp Sambhar Resort •\Welcome to Camp Sambhar Resort.docx

Welcome to Camp Sambhar Resort
Welcome to Camp Sambhar Resort where nature, comfort, adventure and authentic Rajasthan come together to create unforgettable memories.
Nestled on the edge of the magnificent Sambhar Salt Lake—Asia's largest inland salt water lake and a globally recognised Ramsar Wetland—our resort offers a splendid 180 degrees view of white sands and thousands of Pink Flamingos, obviously that is more than just a place to stay.
It is a destination where every sunrise witnesses a magnificent flight of huge flocks of Pink Flamingo birds, every sunset paints the white salt plains in golden hues, every full moon nights depicts the salt lake as a moon land, every season brings new migratory birds, and every evening unfolds beneath a sky filled with countless stars.
Whether you're seeking a peaceful getaway, an exciting family vacation, a romantic escape, or a unique weekend adventure, Camp Sambhar Resort offers the perfect balance of relaxation and exploration by proving itself as a hidden gem near Jaipur and Delhi.
Idea behind Camp Sambhar Resort
A Dream Born from the “Fairyland”..
Tens of Kilometers of the White Sand…
Thousands of Pink Flamingos and other migratory Birds…
Millions of Twinkling Stars in the clear Sky…
Raw Colors of Rajathan…
Rich Heritage of the Kingdom and British Era…
Vision & Mission
Our Vision
To establish and grow as India’s leading offbeat tourism destination where we together with our guests can learn, admire, respect and preserve the wetland, nature, birds and culture of Sambhar Salt Lake.
Our Mission
To offer authentic, offbeat stays that immerse guests in the natural and cultural richness of Sambhar.
To promote sustainable tourism through eco-friendly practices and local engagement.
To inspire curiosity through curated experiences like stargazing, village tours, and birdwatching.
To empower rural communities by involving them in every aspect of our journey.
Our Accreditation
(Name and Logo)
DOT – Approved by Department of Tourism, Government of Rajasthan
ATOAI – Allied Membership
